doc: document `bootc` specifics (HMS-9740) (#375)
osbuild/image-builder-cli: doc/01-usage.md

$
```

### bootc

`image-builder` supports building images from [bootable containers](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/bootc/getting-started/). Building bootc-based images works differently from `ostree`-based images and package-based images.

> When building a bootable container into an image we try to base everything on the container. Thus the distribution that is being built is not known; you cannot use the `--distro` argument in combination with `--bootc-*` arguments as it would do nothing.

Reviewer: I'd drop `try to` since that implies that there may be cases where it isn't based on the container.

Author: There are things that aren't based on the container; for example customizations and we do use (some) host tooling such as `skopeo` I believe.

The container(s) used for the various `--bootc-*` arguments must be in the container storage of the user running `image-builder` before the start of the build. This avoids needing to configure `image-builder` with appropriate credentials or access rights for container registries.

> 

Reviewer: This could use a mention of `--bootc-ref` before actually using it in the example. Something like "--bootc-ref is a reference to the container to be installed in the image"

Author: Makes sense, I've added a commit that explains it before the example and links to a page explaining what a container reference is.

$
```

### bootc

`image-builder` supports building images from [bootable containers](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/bootc/getting-started/). Building bootc-based images works differently from `ostree`-based images and package-based images.

When building a bootable container into an image we try to base everything on the container. Thus the distribution that is being built is not known; you cannot use the `--distro` argument in combination with `--bootc-*` arguments as it would do nothing.

> The container(s) used for the various `--bootc-*` arguments must be in container storage for the user you're running `image-builder` as before you start the build. This design choice was made due to the pulling of containers often needing additional authentication that `image-builder` cannot present the user with.

Reviewer 2: Wording is a bit awkward here (first sentence, mostly).  Let's try moving it around a bit:

```suggestion
The container(s) used for the various `--bootc-*` arguments must be in the container storage of the user running `image-builder` before the start of the build. This avoids needing to configure `image-builder` with appropriate credentials or access rights for container registries.
```

```console
$ sudo podman pull quay.io/centos-bootc/centos:stream10
$ sudo image-builder build --bootc-ref quay.io/centos-bootc/centos:stream10 qcow2
# ...
```

#### `bootc-build-ref`

By default `image-builder` uses the container passed in `--bootc-ref` as the buildroot for the build. If your container does not contain the necessary tooling to turn it into other artifacts then you can explicitly pick a container to use as a buildroot with `--bootc-build-ref`.

#### `bootc-installer-payload-ref`

> When `image-builder` builds an installer ISO there are two inputs. One is the installer (usually Anaconda) environment (passed as `--bootc-ref`) and the other is the bootable container that will be installed by the installer (passed as `--bootc-installer-payload-ref`). The `--bootc-installer-payload-ref` argument is mandatory when building an installer ISO and should refer to a bootable container that contains the appropriate packages and configuration for an installer.

Author: Re-reading this the sentence you changed was correct, but the one following one was not. I've dropped that second sentence :)
